- [Nana] I knew
the time had come
for me to face the problem
that I'd been ignoring all
along.
I was in total denial,
and was only deceiving myself.
(upbeat music)
(computer keys rattling)
(birds chirping)
(bedding ruffling)
(Nana Komatsu yawning)
(birds chirping)
- Why does being pregnant
make me so sleepy?
(Komatsu shrieking)
(gentle piano music)
(phone keys dialing)
(Nana Komatsu sobbing)
- Nobuo,
Yoasu says lunch is ready.
It's spaghetti with mushrooms.
- Awesome, I bet it'll
taste great.
Yoasu's easily the
best cook out of all of us.
- So who are you expecting
a message from?
You've been checking
your phone all morning.
- Oh, it's just 'cause the
reception's so bad out here.
- But don't you usually
just leave your phone
back in your room?
- Shin, why do you always have
to spy on
other people's personal lives?
It's really annoying.
- Sorry, but with you,
it's just too easy.
I can read you like a book.
- I don't want you
reading me, okay?
- Sure. But I can't help it.
It's dangerous here.
If you stare at the stars long
enough
you start thinking
you can grab one.
And you get this feeling
like all your dreams
will come true.
- [Reira] Hi Shin,
thanks for your email.
It's been so long since
I've seen stars
that shine as bright as the
ones that you described.
Even if I close my eyes,
the only stars I can picture
are the fake ones they
have in planetarium shows.
I was starting to feel
like one of those stars.
Once again, you saved me
with your words, Shin.
It really means a lot to me.
(tea cup rattling)
(everyone sighing)
- Thanks for the tea, Nami.
You've got a pretty nice tan
there.
- No, yes.
I mean, I'm sorry.
I'm kinda nervous.
I can't believe I'm talking to
you.
I've been a super
fan since the very beginning.
- You have?
- It's okay, it's okay.
She's just trying to be nice
- [Mother] Honey.
- Do you think this tie
is too flashy for today?
- Who cares about the tie?
They're waiting for us
- But I need to look dignified.
Come on.
- Hi, so sorry to keep you
waiting.
(birds chirping)
(upbeat music)
- I'm Takumi Ichinose, it's
a pleasure to meet you.
- Good God.
How tall are you?
- Six feet and one inch.
Isn't that right, darling?
- I wasn't asking you
how tall he was.
Stop babbling on like that.
- I apologize that I wasn't able
to come
and meet all of you sooner.
I brought you some souvenirs
from London,
but I'm afraid the only
thing that's really British
is the tea.
- Oh my that's a big souvenir.
- What is it, what is it!
Wow, thanks future
brother-in-law,
you're the best ever.
- Oh, it's so soft.
- This is gorgeous.
Your father wouldn't buy
me something like this
in a million years.
- Well, you seem to be fairly
well off
but do celebrities really
make that much money,
Mr. Ichinose?
- It all depends on the person.
- Your income depends on
your popularity.
- That's very true.
- And do you think it
will last long enough
to support my daughter
and her child
for the rest of their lives?
- You have nothing to worry
about, sir.
- Sir?
- There's something I
don't like about this guy.
- People might look at me
as a sort of celebrity
but I'm a businessman at heart.
I know how hard it is
for a band to endure,
even if that band is
as popular as ours.
Of course I'd like Trap
Nest to keep going forever,
but that's not really something
I can control by myself.
- Huh?
(upbeat music)
(sirens wailing)
- [Reira] I wore a wedding
dress today for the music video.
But it's for a song about a
woman who can never get married.
These people just don't get it.
But they told me that I'm
the one who doesn't get it.
That it's supposed to be ironic.
Whatever, the shoot took all
day.
Even though it's just for a few
scenes
that'll only last a
couple seconds on screen.
Everything is like that.
People don't realize what a
hard job it is
to be a rock star.
But I'm happiest when we work
on stuff together, as a band,
it makes me feel like I have a
purpose
and that I belong
to something.
I think that's why I've
been able to keep singing.
Even when things got tough.
- All right, terrific.
That'll do the job.
- [Nana] That's it?
- Yeah, we've got everything.
Her voice is plateaued and
it's not gonna change now.
No matter how many takes she
does.
- In other words, Nana,
you've given it all you've got
and it's just super.
What do you mean?
- It's all good, Nana.
We're gonna fix those flat
notes with the pitch shifter.
- Keep training so you don't
make a fool of yourself
during the live shows
'cause otherwise all the
music mags will rag on you.
(everyone laughing)
- Shut up!
Stop laughing.
Let me try again.
- Well then, now that we're
done with the recording,
what do you say, we go
fishing at the lake?
- Sure, sounds good to me.
- Yeah.
- This is the one thing I
wanted to do since we got here.
- Fishing?
- Matsuo, just let me try one
more time.
- Shut up, you're scaring
the fish away.
- So why did your wife
leave you?
- [Reira] I've been thinking
about
why Gaia decided to have
you recorded
that training camp.
It's probably because they
wanna strengthen the bond
between the band and the
rest of the team.
Shin, all those people
you'll be working with
are like family.
They're there to support you
guys.
Trust me, you'll appreciate that
later on
down the road.
I guess what I'm trying to say
is
that I think the camp is really
important.
Try to make the most of it,
okay?
- Tell us about
your family, Takumi,
how many siblings do you have?
- You have a big sister, right?
- Once again, no one
was asking you.
- Honey?
- You have to let me talk
sometimes too,
otherwise this is no fun.
- Sure, okay.
But what the hell do you
know about my family, anyway?
- What was that?
- Oh, sorry.
- Hey, it's totally fine.
You can talk that way
to me whenever you want.
It's not fine.
And you better watch
what you're saying.
- [Goro] Nami, why don't you
go out and get us some sake.
- [Mother] Good idea.
And pick up some stuff for
the Sukiyaki.
- What, no way.
I don't even know what
you're supposed to get.
- Let's go, I'll drive
you Nami, come on.
Don't you wanna show
off that new bag?
(Takumi chuckling)
- Please don't tell me
you're into Nami's type.
Don't even go there, all right?
- Sorry about that.
Nana and Nami are both such
noisy girls.
- Me too?
But I'm nothing like Nami.
- Oh no, this has been
interesting.
At my house growing up,
everything was quiet
because my mother
was always sick.
So ever since I was
a little kid,
I've been fascinated
by people who are happy
and full of energy.
- Being around a happy
family scene like yours,
I've never experienced
that before.
It's interesting.
- I see.
Well, we can guarantee that
Nana is at least healthy.
- So how is your family
doing now?
- My mother passed
away six years ago.
And my sister married a
guy from the neighborhood
where we grew up.
They live with my father now,
and they have two children.
- Okay. Then, I think we
ought to go visit them
sometime soon,
before the wedding.
All of us will go,
and we'll visit your
mother's grave as well.
- Of course.
- No, you don't have to.
(parents gasping)
The truth is my father's
an alcoholic.
He can't even have a
normal conversation
with people these days.
I'm sorry
- An alcoholic?
That must be tough on you.
- But we should at least
go and introduce ourselves.
- No, really.
It's alright.
He didn't go to my
sister's wedding
or even to my mother's
funeral for that matter.
And I know I don't want to
invite him to our wedding.
I don't want him to ruin it.
If the father's life
is messed up,
then the kid's gonna be
messed up too.
I'm living proof.
Anyway, about the venue
for the wedding,
please have a look,
and let me know what you think.
- Why are you talking to us
as if you're trying to sell
us something?
- Goro, please.
That's enough.
(Goro growling)
(Takumi chuckling)
(door knocking)
(Reiko groaning)
- Huh?
(footsteps plodding)
(knocking door) Ren?
(Reira sighing)
(footsteps plodding)
(soothing music)
Ren, don't sleep here,
you'll catch it cold.
Come on Ren, be a good boy, now.
There.
- [Girl] Reira?
- I'm sorry.
I must have dozed off.
- Did Ren really pass out in the
bathtub?
Do you think he's all right?
- Yeah, this is nothing
new for him.
Will you help me get
him to his bed?
- [Girl] Sure.
- Shin,
I'm so bummed that I left
that cool lighter in Japan.
Remember how you forgot
it in my room before?
I decided not to bring it
because I didn't wanna lose it,
or break it.
But I feel anxious if
it's not within my reach,
To cherish something is a
difficult thing to do, isn't it?
I fly back to Japan on the 27th.
Will you be back in Tokyo then?
I really hope so.
I wanna see you and talk
to you face to face.
I believe it's only
when you're able to be with
someone
without all the lies
and pretense,
that you can really start
to examine yourself.
But if you look away,
you lose everything.
And I don't wanna lose.
(upbeat music)
- Did you read it?
- Yeah.
Our week-long recording/bootcamp
finally came to an end
without any problems.
We were on our way back to
Tokyo,
but we couldn't go home
'cause of all the paparazzi.
- Oh Shin,
I didn't know you liked
to read real books.
What you got there?
An erotic novel.
Mika picked it up for me
at the station news stand.
- So how is it?
Any good?
- [Shin] Actually, it's pretty
lame.
- No point in teasing and
Shin about that stuff, Mika.
He knows more about it than you
do.
- But I'm learning a lot from
this book.
- [Nana] What the hell are you
learning?
The Cougar next door?
- When we arrived,
we were immediately shuffled off
to the agency's so-called Dorm.
- We just call it the Dorm.
It's really a regular apartment
building.
The landlord rents exclusively
to our agency's talent.
You'll each have your own room.
There's no curfew, or annoying
dorm supervisor, or anything.
Plus it's got great
facilities and security.
So you guys will be really
comfortable.
- [Nana] I don't care what it
is.
As long as I can lay
low and get some rest.
- Nah, you probably don't
wanna open your curtain much
while you're here.
There's a love hotel next door.
But they probably won't be
opening
their curtains much either.
- So what's comfortable about
this dump?
I don't even get sunlight in
here.
- You've got your own
private toilet and shower.
- Where's the tub?
- I had no idea you were
this much of a whiner.
Who do you think you are,
anyway?
If you wanna live the good life,
you've gotta work for it.
Starting tomorrow, your
schedule's booked solid.
So we'll see just how hard you
can work.
- [Nana] Wait, Ginpei,
What about a phone?
There's one at the
front desk in the lobby.
- The front desk?
- Why don't you get a
cell phone?
You should have one for
work, anyway.
- How can you call that
a front desk?
(guard snoring)
The dumb guard's asleep.
What's the point of having one?
- He's bored,
which means the place is safe.
Okay, tomorrow morning,
I'm gonna come by
and pick you up at 7:00.
Don't go wandering off
without telling anyone.
(door slamming shut)
- Something's wrong here.
Something's definitely wrong
with this record label.
Even the CEO acts like
a total weirdo.
- Go, rock the world.
- No, I know I
shouldn't judge people
just by their looks.
But this guy looks
like a scumbag too.
- And just who are you, lady?
- I'm Nana, from
the Black Stones.
We just met 20 minutes ago.
- All right.
What do you want?
- I just wanna use the phone.
- You don't have to
ask my permission.
It's free.
(Nana growling)
(footsteps plodding)
- Forget it.
The creep's eavesdropping.
I'll just use Nobuo's phone.
- Hey, I said you could use it.
(elevator doors sliding open)
- What am I gonna say to Ren
when I talk to him?
I mean, it's not like we'll be
able
to see each other for a while.
I almost wish he'd
just leave me alone
if he can't gimme all
his attention.
That's what I should say to him.
(inhaling) It's so hard
to breathe in here.
It's probably because
the air's polluted.
That's the one thing I hate
about Tokyo.
- [Yuri] Really, the Black
Stones?
I totally know you
guys.
- [Nobuo] Seriously?
- [Yuri] Yeah, you're like kinda
famous.
- [Nobuo] Not famous like you.
- [Yuri] (screaming) This
is so cool.
Get in here, now.
It's fine, come on.
(Nana smacking Nobuo)
- What do you doing, shorty?
You think you have time for
that?
- No, I was just saying
hi to my neighbor
- Nana?
- Oh my God, she's the
hottest chick I've ever seen.
- (screaming) it's really Nana.
Can I have your autograph?
- Huh? Yuri Kosaka?
- The porn star?
- You all seem to be
very familiar with her.
What kind of agency is
Shika Corporation, anyway?
I mean, why do they
have a porn star
on their roster of clients?
- She used to be a singer,
but her popularity was
short-lived.
So she decided to take
her clothes off.
- You sure know a lot about her.
But seriously,
how could anyone think it's a
good idea
to have a co-ed dormitory.
That's just asking for trouble.
- I'm guessing the talent they
put here,
either need to be watched,
or they need to hide out.
- Like Ginpei said,
they call it the Dorm,
but it's not really a dorm.
- That's for sure.
But you know a porn star
who makes as many movies
as her must be rich.
So why is Ms. Yuri
living in this dump?
- Ms. Yuri?
Nobuo, you're switching
rooms with me right away.
- Why?
- I don't want Little Ms. Red
Yuri
to be next door
to a big, bad Wolf like you.
- What am I gonna do?
She's a professional.
- I don't care.
Switch with me.
- Why do you always have
to be so Goddamn bossy?
- Listen Nobuo,
I don't care if you get
off by watching porn, okay.
But I'd really hate for you
to have forgotten about
our secret operation.
- Operation?
- (growling) Operation get
Hachiko back, remember?
We promised to fight together on
this.
So don't go messing
around with other girls.
- Hold on a minute.
I think you misunderstood me.
- Misunderstood you, huh?
You were totally hanging
all over Yuri,
with that horny look stuck
on your face.
- Nah, I'm not talking
about that.
You know, I'll always
fight side by side with you
but not in some mission to
get Hachi back.
For me, Hachi in the
band are separate issues.
I mean, it's not like she
was ever a member of Blast.
(Nana gasping)
Besides why do I want
to help keep her around
just for you when I've
totally given up on her.
So you do whatever you
feel like you have to
but leave me out of it.
(suspenseful music)
- But...
- Damn, why are you so stubborn?
- So what are we fighting
for then? (gasping)
That's a dumb question.
We're fighting because we
wanna get our music out there,
and be recognized as
a real band.
Hachi has nothing to do with it.
- Nana?
- Nobuo is free to go out
with whoever he wants.
(water bubbling)
Then how can I stay
connected to Hachi,
there's gotta be a way.
I know I can't go back
to that apartment.
And even if I did,
she's not gonna be there.
Hey Yasu, what does this mean?
- Itsuwari, The lie.
- Cool, thanks.
(phone ringing)
- Hello?
- Hey, Yasu,
it's Nana.
- Nana.
(dramatic music)
(Nana gasping for air)
Shin, go call an
ambulance right away.
The number's 119.
- [Shin] Okay, what's the
address here?
- Just tell the security
guard what's happened
and have him call.
- Got it.
(footsteps plodding)
(dramatic music)
- We were just talking.
And then the next thing I know,
she's having trouble breathing.
It was like she went
into shock or something.
(Nana gasping for air)
- Nana, are you all right?
An ambulance is on the way.
You're gonna be fine.
Don't worry.
I'll be with you the whole time.
I'm not going anywhere.
(Nana gasping for air)
- I think she's
hyperventilating.
When that happens,
you feel like you'll die from
the pain,
but you never will die from it.
It's a living hell.
- Hey, wait.
- Nobuo, do you have
a paper or plastic bag
we could use?
- What for?
- Just hurry,
go find one.
- [Nana] Hey Hachi,
humans are such hopeless
creatures.
It seems the harder we struggle,
the deeper we sink.
If I could be reincarnated,
I'd wanna be a fish.
Then I'd swim with Ren.
Just the two of us in
our little fish bowl.